For a woman, that is good
Just dress sexy and you will sign any contract.
Are you having period ?
Stop being bitchy
I leave early because of her children instead of my husband
You can thank the quotas
She would never had get this job if she were not a woman
That is a woman thing
You are too emotional
You have to wear a dress
You have to wear a skirt
High heels are mandatory
Act like a girl but think like a man
Women empowerment begins at home
Are you planning to have children ?
You're still not married?
You should marry later, it is better for your career
Do not be so feminist
Women can do anything a man can
High positions better suit to men
It is not your fault, you are a woman.
Women should take care of running their home
Leave running the company up to men
Women are problems
I should kiss you, it would be a shame to deprive myself
I'll explain to you with simple words so that you understand
We know why she was hired...
Don't worry for her, her husband is making a good living
Fortunately you do not earn more than your boyfriend
You're pregnant? I thought you were motivated!
We recruited a new commercial : a very nice woman
We have a man for this project, but they absolutely want a woman, so we're asking you
I try to promote women, although the files are technical
Do you feel able to take on this task?
You won't go get us a coffee?
You are a professional women
You are in a patriarchal company
Weakness is a woman issue
It is a work men
Women are homemakers
Men are made to work hard and women to be homemakers
This job is made for all
Humans are men and women
Men are speakers and women are writers
All candidates are accepted.
If you want this job, think like a man
This outfit suits you well.
It is a good team
Women learn slowly
Everybody here is competent
All types of people are useful
You are as intelligent as this guy
Great job!
You have to more applied as a woman
Both women and a men leadership can exist
Women are much more sensitive than men
Women always get more upset than men
Please Miss be nice and bring us some coffee
Gender diversity is a key to good performance
It's not her fault, she's a woman !
It is a good personality
What about her career if she gets pregnant now ?
This job is for a lady not a gentleman
Aesthetic jobs are reserved for women
Women first !
Let her take care of that, it's a woman thing.
Everyone is treated to their true value
Women and men can collaborate in any situation
This project can be led by a woman just like a man
Women and men can share the same vision
It's her mom's side talking
Women and men should be paid the same
Everyone has the same opportunities
This workplace is comfortable for men and women
Her request is reasonable so I say yes
Men and women want to work for great companies
For me, she is not strong enough
Women and men have different manners of working
Gender equality at work is a matter of respect
Women are educated
Women are able to choose their own life goals
Gender equality is good for companies
Women are equal to men
Women can work as much as men.
Men understand women.
It is a men thing.
She is a soured woman, she needs a man in her life !
My colleague is an amazing person
Can you give me a report please?
I like your way of thinking
Your work is basic
You get a promotion
You are a human not a robot, take care !
You are a good manager
Your skills are useful for the team
Your outfit has to be professional
Women and men can be promoted if they work well.
Women and men can be fired if they don't work.
Skills are more important that gender
Promotions are based in meritocracy
Women can access any position
Women and men can have divergent thoughts
Women and men have the same amount of working time
Women and men should always be well dressed.
Women understand men.
We should listen to women as we listen to men
Men are equal to women.
Women and men can have a similar career.
Men can have parental leave as women
We are all equal.
of course I would pick the man. The woman would most likely get pregnant and leave
is there a man I can talk to?
Can I please speak to a manager?
I’m sure you know a lot about cleaning.’
How are you today?
The only reason you would be in the boardroom is if you were bringing us tea.
But I think boys ultimately are easier than girls.
I love the women's movement, especially when walking behind it.
Make sure you wear your low cut top to meet with that client!
Good luck with your client meeting!
You won’t want to work on that machine. you might break a fingernail!
I couldn’t take her seriously in that presentation. did you see what she was wearing?
she must be here to make the sandwiches
It's nice to finally have something to look at during meetings
Oh good girl!
Great question! I'll get back to you on that.
Why are all women so bossy?
What can you say? Boys will be boys.
Is meeting about working or bitching? Seriously guys.
No one likes you. You will not last long here.
Wow, Madelyn is so graceful
Well, karma's a bitch I guess.
Jenny, stop. You are being a bitch.
You didn't hear it from me, but she has to be the biggest bitch around
Hey, I just wanted to check in.
She looks like a cow.
What do you know? Sherry is still a cunt!
You have to have your work done on time!
Hold on, could you run that by me one more time?
What did she have to say about it?
Nora has an amazing future after working here. I think a role as wicked step mother. She just needs to age a bit.
My frustration with Kat is getting stronger and stronger every time i meet with her and her team.
Wow, Sheila is a nasty piece of work, isn't she?
Which one of you just said that?
You seem angry. Are you hormonal?
You're especially testy today. Are you on your period?
What was wrong with her? Was she on her period?
Sucking at math and logic is a requirement for being a woman
You seem like a nice girl, but I just ask that you dig a little deeper into what the document actually says
I think it's the jaw. Her head is kinda shaped like home plate, to carry on the baseball motif.
This is probably going to piss off you feminists.
I truly support the feminist movement.
As you'd expect, she has a very low IQ.
Call me sexist but I think some women are seriously lacking knowledge
Feminism is a respectable ideal.
Men don't belong in the kitchen
I'm sorry but girls are just really unfunny
I actually prefer having guys in charge. The atmosphere is more laid back and fun. Women are too serious
When you commit to your man, commit to the gym as well. Commit to the kitchen too.
women are seriously awful drivers
women are so damn stubborn
she is blond what do you want
Women need to stop being called girls
why are women so easily confused?
i'm no sexist, i'm a realist
Why do female managers think they are god's greatest creation. They are way too power hungry
It isn't sexist if you're right.
I don't think women can make tough decisions
I'm not sexist as sexism is wrong and I'm a man so I'm never wrong
I prefer the male voice to the female voice. He sounds more normal.
That was very well put. I agree with her.
She has great ideas but the statistics show a different story.
I understood her point quite clearly. I still think her idea needs a little more development.
Give her a little more time to work. Then you can expect great results.
If you believe that, you're either a woman or gay.
I like my pickles like my women: thin and cut
If you want to be intelligent hang out with men.
If she invites you to a client dinner, you should go. She picks restaurants that cook the best food.
I hate it when men say women should take "She's so hot" or "I'd fuck her" as a compliment and not objectification
I'm not sexist. Women are to be treated as any other person on this planet.
women can't park
i mean no disrespect by this but women are much more difficult to manage than men for me
history shows us that empires fall when women take control of them
I believe men and women have their roles in the house.
Guys are better than women in everything! Not sexist but it's just because we are competitive as hell
Rape is not a punchline.
Why are the women in accounting so bitchy?
Women always see things how they want them to be instead of the reality
You want equality? Learn to not pull the "I'm a woman" card.
I hate rich snobby women that don't know there place in front of men!
Don't get me wrong I'm not sexist, but seeing female engineers on site is weird
Females already have equal rights. Stop complaining.
they are really making it hard to act otherwise.
Wow she went from zero to cunt in eight seconds.
Hey now, my opinion is just as valid as hers.
Her opinion is just as valid as his.
The majority of girls are useless in group projects
I think Ashley will know her way around HQ as well she does around Lloyd's jocks
Doing nothing does require an inordinate amount of skill
Melissa shouldn't talk economics. That's like me talking about a new designer purse or something.
i can say with certainty i haven't had an intelligent conversation with a female under thirty
why are women allowed opinions again?
I think she should get a promotion for her looks alone.
Sorry, but I do believe in certain gender roles when it comes to marriage
Ed Zimmerman made a pledge to not attend all-male tech events.
The report looks like it was made by a five year old little girl
These new girls think way too highly of themselves. They're not even attractive.
Who invited Miss Hottie?
Good luck to her, and let us know how she does.
The lights are out at the Statue of Liberty...that's ONE MORE woman America CANNOT do without.
It's less of a day without women and more of a day without feminists, which, to be quite honest, sounds lovely.
I'll pass on a day without women. Real women don't abandon their responsibilities
We can't achieve any of our goals without the participation of women and girls.
You've got a strong grip for a girl.
she parties like a man but loves like a woman
We all need sister, daughter, mother, wife. Thank you to those who complete us.
Our women in law enforcement are crucial to our success-protecting and serving each and every day.
It was such a nice day out today. Nice and quiet, the roads were clear. It must've been a day without women
Look like a girl, act like a lady, think like a man and work like a dog.
Women possess a unique combination of will, determination and emotions.They can protect, support and uplift the family and society.
Thanks to women everywhere for all you do to help create a wiser, stronger, kinder and happier atmosphere
Women are most respectable in our society and culture. I believe in giving them due respect no matter what the situation is.
My brother came in from school telling me he stuck up for a girl getting bullied bc he hates seeing girls upset. That is a proper gentleman
We can't be here without the participation of women and girls
Women aren't created weaker than men. Without Women, everyone's nothing.
Let's talk about how a girl's brain is as good as a boy's.
Five feet and nine inches is tall for a girl right?
you're a woman and you don't equate to shit bc you aren't a man and you can't do anything as good as a man ever will
A man need not fear his wife's income.
Real women don't go along with a day without women crap! It's a fake cause manufactured by man-hating feminists and lesbians. Stop it!
Nurtured by my mother, found true love in my wife and understood real meaning of life with my daughter. I'm blessed.
Should a guy open the car door for a girl?
You know you're pretty smart for a girl.
A Good Wife knows it doesn't matter who does a managerial job as long as its the best man for the job
Because behind every great woman there is no man
We want to construct a different world of work for women
Woman are the future. Rise up, Stand up, Shine on.
As a man, I would have worded that sentence twice as good
Every time you mistreat a woman, you give up the right to be treated like a man.
A world in transition needs feminine energy.
I don't care how hard you think you are if you cant act like a man no one will respect you
What would the world do without women and girls?
We have always been the catalysts and change makers. We should reject misogyny at every turn!
but I figured you were tough enough to take it like a man. I guess not.
Should a woman act like a man in business?
A woman is just as good as a man
When a man is ambitious it's seen as a good thing, and when a woman is described as ambitious it's seen as a complete negative
She thinks like a man but acts like a lady
Don't think that a woman has to act like a man to show that she has strength.
I'm just as good as a man. I don't need a special day to celebrate that.
a woman isn't worth a damn unless she can kick ass like a man
To be considered half as good, a woman has to work twice as hard as a man.
When life gives you lemons squirt them into the eyes of people who tell you that you are smart for a girl
A woman who can't cook can just do as good as keeping a man as the woman who can cook if you ask me
Personally I think women shouldn't play soccer or drive trucks because it's not elegant
A woman who strives to be like a man lacks ambition.
In a predominantly male work place being good at what you do equates to be doing it like a man.
There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish.
Act like a man or else
Give women in their advanced years respect they rightly deserve
What a good man can do, a woman can do just as well or even better. Together we are best.
Well, I'm not dumb but I can't understand why she walks like a woman and talks like a man.
Here's advice for women: Think like a man act like a women
She looks like a man
Women are territorial about their kitchens its kinda like a man and his garage
Time to get up and walk like a man
There is no good reason a woman cannot achieve just as much as a man if she wants
Marriage is the ultimate happiness for a girl.
I'm not a female chauvinist, but if in this modern era, a good man is judged as one that pays the bills? A good woman is one that can cook!
Women are physically incapable of doing as good of a job as a man in many industries. It's basic anatomy.
She deserves the love she needs and the respect she is worth!
HUGE shoutout to all the ladies that proved they could do a mans job just as good as a man could, when everyone thought it was impossible
No mountain is high enough for a girl to climb
Wow, you're really tall for a girl! How'd you get so tall, baby?
These bitches so worried about thinking like a man they don't know what it is to be a woman
Elegant and beautiful? Cheap and trashy! Nothing more unattractive than girls banging on about how hot hey are.
its melting because you didnt put it in the freezer before you served it you dumb skank!
I cannot stop looking at Nikki's dreadful black crooked bra
Trying to find something pretty about these blonde idiots.
She knows how to walk. You go girl. One foot in front of the other.
Stick to your day jobs girls
Katie and Nikki have definitely proved they're not just dumb blondes with pretty faces. They're just dumb blondes.
Yes, we get it. You're pretty. Tone down the self promo and just cook!
They starting to act and look like a couple of B grade hookers to me
Classy and elegant is one way of putting it.
Sorry but Jessie is being a real cunt. You're not all that.
Katie's a fatty!
He saved them cause he wants to bang them
Do you get it, you Blondes
ah girls, you are dumb if you really believe you have pretty faces.
Just want to slap the stupid out of these bimbos!
Colin was pretty nice to the girls. Do you think he's giving them the dick?
I don't know what's bigger, her forehead or her ass?
Hate these blonde bitches already
Really bitch really? Get on the runway and back in the kitchen
WHAT A DUMB BITCH
Put a bra on Nikki, you dumb slut
These girls need to go. Their vanity is making me ill. Very unattractive
I wonder which of the blonde molls screwed the manager to get that job? Probably both
Sassy - halfway between slut and classy
These girls really put the ASS in sass
suck on that whores
How do you sleep at night, Cathy? You. Cunt.
She may be a bitch but let's be honest, the blondes weren't too far behind
Seriously Nikki. Keep your arms down to hide the bingo wings and back flab.
Stop smirking you vile bitch
cough slut cough
LOVE Debra and Eva, and Sheri and Emilie! Such beautiful souls. Will Sheri and Eva ever kiss?
Sheri if you don't swallow that fine but Ill drink lots pineapple juice
Go fuck yourself Maddy, stupid slut
I swear to fuckin god Tianna and Andre are the worst ever contestants, she is such a little bitch
Jeans were a bit tight tonight Danielle?
She calls it strategic, I call it being a bitch!
The blondes will get through cause they are young and can suck
She looks like medusa plus that ugly personality to top it off
This bitch has no right to talk about fair and has no right to celebrate, I hope that they crash and burn they don't deserve to be here
she should be practising on her cooking skills
Why does she have to be such a cunt?
Seriously. Crazy eyes is staying?
She is actually a bitch, but I had to laugh at her response.
Helena is such an awful bitch!
She's the Wicked Witch from the West
I'm going to miss her resting bitch face.
Kate you stupid woman!
Yet another student settles with university over an unfair process resulting from campus sexual assault hearings
You make many baseless assumptions and decide they are facts.
Must suck not being able to reach your own potential in life. Must be because you're a woman
Why do we stand aside when a vocal minority screams we have more rights than women?
Do you realize how powerful feminism really is?
Have you ever taken six weeks off from work, casually decide if you want to go back and then choose to work part time?
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Why was she fired, do you know?
Can you give an example?
There is literally photo evidence above
Why are you body shaming her for having Man Hands?
Who would that be?
This is the tag's founder...
Can she explain why this is wrong?
I'm looking for them. There is a lot of hay on top of those needles.
She said that in what way?
I didn't realize I was supposed to treat you as a child whose opinion is irrelevant. Sorry. My bad.
I'll take any screen grabs you have. Thanks.
Well, I'd have no way of knowing so that's a bad point.
That was in reply to her.
She's great.
So that is the root cause of their hypocrisy. You have swung me.
Can you explain why what she described there is wrong?
I meant this one. Can you explain why it's wrong?
I have no idea what she said.
So, you will continue to oppose equality no matter the logic?
I like a multimedia approach.
did you know that when you look at a girl, you rape her?
Pretzel logic is understatement. Her logic is like a pretzel being beaten and tossed off the Sears Tower. Puddle logic...
Well I'd bet on the latter.
So, no issue with her doing the very thing she decries, then?
I realized then that selfish hypocrisy is the crux of modern feminism, not equality.
I know little more than I just told you. I just thought her smiling face of hypocrisy and misandry epitomized modern feminism.
I'm blocked.
So says an unthinking pussy. Yawn.
Exactly. It's a sexist marketing ploy.
Define forcing.
Don't know her, sorry.
Nope, I'm going to have to disagree with him.
That is a genuinely interesting question. of course, the answer is predictable and boring.
I saw this the other day. Excellent.
To an exten we are not exactly overwhelmed with great options
You appear to have common sense. So, no, you'd be totally wrong.
So is the answer nothing?
None of these things are true. But I return to the original question and research. What have you read?
No one said she should.
Can you explain why that would be sexist?
No. Actually, she has an economics degree.
You couldn't design a much poorer set of incentives, no.
I'm saying you can never control two different individuals to be the same.
i hate when u open the door for a hot chick and then her ugly friend wants u to keep it open for her. bitch open it yourself
Nothing. I like women in pink. It's a tipoff that they don't angrily reject femininity like, well, you know.
I have a million valid arguments. That doesn't change reality.
Gotta take the bad with the good.
I'll be honest. I've never heard that before.
Sorry to hear that. Get well, man.
Thanks for heads up. I watched it. Good stuff.
Nope. Hence, the two DIFFERENT terms.
Who is to blame for that?
Excuse me, who is arguing that?
there is no beef here.
Just saw her work from a few days ago. It's brilliant. We need fifty more like it.
The motive doesn't lessen the outcome.
Then I have no idea.
You could think of the worst possible idea ever, and it's still wouldn't be as bad as this one.
She was already linked. She doesn't care.
It seems that she doesn't care about facts.
That girl is hideous in every way.
I appreciate you bringing good content to me, though.
Was your previous praise tactical or just misplaced?
Is the fact that women are asked that question sexist?
If you don't negotiate good salary going in, it's difficult to make that up later.
And that proves what?
This is disgusting.
good luck to you with that.
The mine is no place for a woman to work. Call me sexist but a woman as a rock driller is not practical.
I'm sorry. But I don't see what's hot about girls who eat like guys. Call me sexist, but i like girls because they're girls.
Feminism is a respectable ideal. Searching for problems is not.
Call me sexist, but I hate female receptionists. They always give me attitude like I'm the reason their boyfriend broke up with them
Seriously if you're female you need to be able to cook. it's in your DNA
I just think Men are better Comedians.
The only thing a woman should help a man build is a relationship
Women should familiarise themselves with the pots. After all a way to a man's heart is through the stomach
they need to get back in the kitchen if you ask me.
It seems like females never have valid opinions when it comes to sports
Some girls should not wear any type of tight clothing
I believe women have a tendency to be more impractical than men.
The only women I can take serious when they're angry are my mom and grandma
There is no chance in hell I'm letting a girl beat me at anything. Sorry
Never ever take directions from a woman!
The people at work are childish. it's run by women and when women dont agree to something, oh man.
I'd be scared to have a woman running the country. women are too nice.
There is a double standards there's certain rules for dudes and there's certain rules for females
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. But she had amazing tits, I gotta say.
The best part of a woman's body is their hands, simply because they can make sandwiches and clean shit with them
I must admit the "Women belong in the kitchen" jokes were worth a chuckle.
women talk three times more than men
I'll probably get in trouble for this but women weren't designed or created to be alone
Don't treat women like an object.
I hope no single broad tries to swerve me but a woman's ultimate position is to be by a man
EVERY girl is crazy no exceptions.
Only females recognise the "final spin" on a washing machine full of clothes
I do not like female engineering teachers
I can't work with 5 female managers at the same time anymore
Rape culture is not about having sense of humor. It is about silencing, shaming, and terrifying women.
I can not stand women commentators
I'm getting a little tired of female announcers.
I just feel men and women have their appropriate roles in life
A lot of females lack true logic sometimes. A lot of guys are just dumb though.
The true definition of a goddess is a good housewife and mother who also has good health, looks and physique
Men's skill sets and abilities are just leagues above the women's.
Chicks just aren't that funny.
Most girls don't know how to form their own opinions.
I don't think America is ready for a female president.
As far as I'm concerned, girls who argue are stupid.
Girls just shouldn't curse.
Whatever, but most of the girls I've met aren't cut out for working full time.
I'll never vote for a woman president because I don't think any woman is mentally stable enough.
We all get bored of women. They stop making sense after sometime. Especially the talking part.
I can't stand working in an office with women who gossip the entire time
Maybe so. But I'm still right.
I need a girl that'll iron my shirts and not call me sexist
Men are far more civilised during these debates than women.
Almost purely because men can raise their voices, women just end up screaming.
Men have a discussion. Women argue.
I don't think men and women are equal.
Guy teachers are by far better than teachers that are girls
Back then, Men were in charge and women were obligated to them. Today, women are just as equal and even better.
Some things shouldn't be said by females
She doesn't care what you think.
This girl across from me has a jungle on each leg. Please shave.
I do believe that women are inferior to men.
If women ruled the world, there would be no war at all. Just a bunch of countries that wouldn't talk to each other!
You don't understand my intent
How are girls so bad at math when they know so much about hair volume and the volume of their mascara
Typical woman sticking her nose where she shouldn't
A chick shouldn't be able to say "I'm on my period i don't feel good" and not have to work.
Feminists annoy the shit out of me
I dont like dealing with women when there is business to do. They are too emotional
Guys are better than women in everything. It's not sexist but it's just because we are competitive as hell
Again and again I am reminded harshly that having a women boss truly sucks
I'm not sexist but on my life theres a gene in women that blocks their rationality.
It's of note when a woman surprises me with her competence.
everyone and their mothers must stop acting like men
The reason liberal women are liberal is because they have to date liberal men
A lot of females try to think like a man to avoid getting hurt/played instead of just being a woman. Take a chance, love again.
Insecure feminists created a day without women.
What will we do without feminists?! Everything.
Nothing like a fine women with pretty feet in a great pair of shoes!
This needs to be changed to A day without Third Wave Feminists. Real women will be working.
Conservative and intelligent women did not take the day off on A Day Without Women
You've got a strong grip for a girl
Time to get up and walk like a man
Act like a lady and think like a man.
You should look like a girl, act like a lady, think like a man and work like a boss.
As a man, I would have worded that sentence twice as good
Women are meant to be loved not to be understood
I am going to create a restaurant called "Sandwich world" and i am only going to hire women.
Act like a lady, think like a man.
It's impossible for a girl to be faithful
Covered girls are better than cover girls
Truly a day without women should be renamed a day without cry baby feminists. No respectable lady with a real life acknowledge it.
Did u know ABCDEFG means A boy can do everything for a girl. The Reverse GFEDCBA means Girl forget everything done and catches new boy again.
Sorry, but real women show up for their commitments.
I don't care how hard you think you are if you cant act like a man no one will respect you
A lot of females try to think like a man to avoid getting hurt instead of just being a woman. Take a chance, love again.
That's your right to of course. I think she promotes hatred towards a good man, a man she will never be as good, or as principled as.
You're not cute, you always look like A MAN which is definitely a positive aspect
If a man marries a good woman, he will have a happy life as long as he himself is not ambitious and is quiet and obedient.
Nothing can destroy a man's productivity like the love of a woman!
Six foot two inches IS TOO TALL for a girl. Wow.
A Good Wife knows it doesn't matter who does a managerial job as long as its the best man for the job #IWD2017
you gotta act like a woman and think like a man
When a girl cries for a guy, it means she really misses him. But when a guy cries for a girl, nobody can love that girl more than him.
women are territorial about their kitchens its kinda like a man and his garage
you're abnormally tall for a girl
stop calling yourselves pretty and hot. you're not and saying it a million times doesn't make you either.
They're Not dumb blondes, perhaps they just have delusions of adequacy?
Stop saying dumb blondes with pretty faces as you need a pretty face to pull that off!
jus going to say it again DUMB BITCH!
wait, that back shot of nikki. she's wearing blue knickers?
Just me, or are those hot blondes not at all hot? Just average!
Who was responsible for convincing these girls they were so pretty?
The girls are going through this is fucked or are they sucking Colin's cock!
These girls are pretty awful.
if I have to watch five more minutes of these stuck up, idiotic hookers I'll neck myself.
Gosh I dislike those two girls. They just aren't hot either.
They're staying just so that the producers can have a showdown between them and the posh bitches
Seeing as you two think this is a modelling competition, I give you two a score of negative ten for your looks.
Sassy? Girls you aren't sassy. More like bitchy.
I've finally figured out what she models. camel toes.
Question is are they pretty?
You've just proved that you are two blondes with fucked up faces!
the only way these girls are staying is if they blow every bloke in the room. So they're still in with a shot.
Seven percent of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.
A word processor is too technical for the skanky hoes
Perhaps if the girls had spent less time looking in and kissing mirrors and more time in preparation for the meeting they'd be better off.
Hope the blonde cows don't make it through!
Yeah I can't see her sporting Victoria's Secret wings anytime soon.
These two blondes are not skinny enough to be models.
these two take dumb blonde to a a new level
Girls claiming they're hot generally have an overinflated view of themselves
Annie looks like a mouse
you're the sort of bitch that really makes the show
Oh my god the sluts are going to get through
I think it was Nikki and Katie's modesty that made them so appealing
So those blonde chicks are gone, yay
Bless them, they still think they were Hot
That face she just pulled was hideous.
I'm going to gouge my eyes out if this bitch doesn't get off
Phoebe, change your face
She is one of those rare pieces of trash that get even uglier when she smiles
Victoria has to be the biggest bitch around
I want to slap that stupid smirk off her face. What a horrible cow!
I actually liked her tonight. Though she always looks like her hair is pulled back too tight.
That slapping would be your thighs as you walk celine
Celina is an elephant and her people have finally come
Can someone give her a slap across the head
She is really a nasty piece of work to be honest
all she needs now is a witch hat!
every time I see her face I feel like puking
Not true. Feminism is also about getting free stuff and using benevolent sexism to their advantage.
Those women are not exploited. They make a calculated choice to use sex to advance careers.
yeah rape culture is a lie!! So true
From now on, I'll use "Little Girl". Except it insults preteen females comparing them to feminists.
Feminists think hating men is feminism.
Sons are at much greater risk now than daughters because of feminist laws.
Has she been fired yet? Male writers for "newspapers" usually get fired for much less.
So if he hit her in the same way for what she was wearing, that would be okay, too?
Should men and women have equal legal rights? Definitely not.
Sucking at math and logic is a requirement for feminism...
You seem like a nice girl. I just ask that u dig a little deeper into the subject matter.
Might need some lube. The tip is wider than her hips...
I know her little sister is severely overvaluing herself here
if a dude cries because of a girl in a wedding dress then he has a vagina
I've seen some really dumb girls which lend credibility to the argument.
A pack of girls skateboarding might just be the weirdest thing I've ever seen
I actually prefer having guys in charge. The atmosphere is definitely more laid back and fun. Women are just so serious
Women can't play football!
Don't ever let women drive, they'll break your arm!
I usually walk away when women sports announcers are on Sportscenter.
Dear women, nagging does not work
Come on let's be real and agree that men are superior.
Please women. When you commit to your man, commit to the gym as well. Commit to the kitchen too.
Female sports anchors are the worst. Makes me uncomfortable when women know more about sports than I do
If I give a girl in the street my clothes I expect her to go home and iron them
I pay the bills in this household it's the least she can do
Women are seriously awful drivers
Honestly women should not be announcing football. #Aggravating
Everything seems to be about women. Women this women that
Women comedians aren't funny at all. Case closed.
Tests are like women. Hard to understand, easy to get over, and nonrefundable.
Women should never be allowed to talk about sports on TV.
Well, women don't give a damn about you.
I find female sportscasters really annoying.
I do hold the firm belief that women shouldn't be allowed to drive. No need to explain why
if i see a women in mens wearhouse today i am calling the police.
women just piss me off
women are just so damn stubborn
Women sports reporters always look like they have no idea what they are doing
I hate how girls are ALWAYS made out to be the victims
when I go to an auto place, I'd rather talk to a guy
I do not trust girls in a gun store.
I need a woman to do my laundry
Women comedians suck
I'm not voting for no Lady..
The sight of girls smoking is unpleasant
More people would be satisfied with me as president than a women
Just because a woman scored a great goal does not mean women's football is any good
she is blond what do you want
I really don't like female country singers
I don't like a girl who's overly into football
Sometimes I look at a female and ponder if I'd offer a goat and full sack of potatoes for her hand
Only girls should wear earrings, it just looks wrong on guys
Women can't drive
There are some things women do that men just won't.
I can't stand women commentators in football.
I believe women should hold themselves to a different standard as guys. Like how they carry themselves
Male comedians are so much funnier than female ones
I don't respect anything a girl has to say about football or sports itself
I've genuinely never actually met a funny girl
I hate female sports analysts because I swear all they do is look at a stat sheet and state the obvious
No offence to anyone but women are poor drivers
This is exactly what women should look like!
Women should stop pretending to make a difference in politics.
Most of you girls should just go out without makeup, that's probably super scary
RT @lucasRobson09 I can't deal with women football announcers. It just doesn't sound right.
I don't think women should announce football games
Girls should not be allowed to be commentators for football games
Girls should shave no matter what month it is
Not another woman prime minister because look what going on
Why are women so easily confused?
if I was sitting on a plane ready to leave, and a female captain come on the speaker, I'd probably leave immediately
I can not stand female reporters in men's sports
I just mean the women barking in the office are the same ones kneeling or submitting in the bedroom
Call me old fashioned but I feel a WOMAN needs to know how to throw down in the kitchen. And a MAN provides.
All girls should come with a sign "you must be this tall to ride my emotional rollercoaster".
Every girl should be sad for not being a boy
i'm no sexist, i'm a realist
Theres something about women playing rugby that just really doesn't look right.
Girls riding bikes just looked weird.
No I'm not sexist for calling you a cunt, you're just offended that I called you what you are and are really just angry
The stuff girls write and put on social networks is evidence that men are smarter
I think doctors should stick to being male
There are certain things that a woman can't tell me NOTHING about.
Why do female managers think they are god's greatest creation. They are Way too power hungry. You lot need to chill
I think in general, men make way better music
I don't think I wanna see a women president at this stage in my life
It isn't sexist if you're right.
Sexual assault is too broad a term
I must say women are the worst drivers
I swear I'm not sexist but there are way too many female drivers in this town.
Something isn't right when women calling a football game
It bothers me when anyone uses foul language, but when it comes out of a girls mouth it seems ten times worse. Keep it clean.
I refuse to watch a football game in which a woman referees.
But Men are superior to women.
Watching girl's basketball usually makes me want to shoot myself in the head
Reading about the social advancement of women is so boring.
I really don't like womanly jobs
I really dont feel comfortable having a female BARBER cut my hair ever again
I prefer male professors over females.
I don't agree with women on sports shows that talk solely about men's sports.
I'm talking football with a girl, and it's weird.
Sexist jokes are funny
Being able to cook is one of the most attractive qualities a woman can have.
I'll take a woman who can cook over one who can't ANY DAY
Can't talk sports with females.
Women are not good at high fiving each other
I just don't feel safe driving with any girl
My wife will not have a nine to five job.
get back to the kitchen, slut.
I'm not sexist so I will call you fat if I please.
I just really hope I don't have a daughter
the statement 'all men drivers are better than woman' is correct in every way
My son can do whatever he wants but my daughter not so much
Female comedians aren't funny
it's hard watching a game when there is a female commentator.
I really cannot stand women sportscasters. Sorry,
No woman should ever be allowed to announce a football game. Know your place.
the majority of bad drivers are women right?
Real ladies should respect traditional values. men should be men and women should be women
A lot of people call me sexist. But those people are women, and their opinions don't matter.
But it's extremely hard for me to listen to a female vocalist
Feminists piss me off.
I hate it when girls are in a bad mood so what i'm trying to say is I hate girls
Hate girls who think they're really hot because they get with a different person every week
i think male comedians are funnier than female ones
Women tend to be late for every event regardless of the race so it's probably in their genes.
women in Burkhahs scare me. Totally.
Holy shit women drivers are awful!
I hate when women do commentary on sports.
Do you and your little girl watch sports together?
Woman football commentators annoy me so much, they never shut up
Men will always be superior drivers
Football isn't meant for women
It seems the world is not ready for one of the most powerful and influential countries to have a woman leader. So sad.
I'd just prefer it if she was making me a sandwich, instead of presenting her product.
Ladies, if you've slept around your price goes down. You know it's true.
BITCHES CANNOT DRIVE
When it comes to learning i prefer a male. All my favorite teachers were male.
Woman's football makes me feel sick
Women are really bad drivers. sorry it's the truth
i hate serving women! They're so unbelievanly fussy about their drinks
What is one thing I care less about than soccer? Women's soccer.
I swear to god only like two percent of the women population in London know how to drive properly
Feminists make me sick in how they go about fighting for equality. Sorry.
I find a hearty handshake between two women to be very awkward.
A word to all the ladies in very short skirts or shorts this summer. Thanks.
I don't care but a Pakistani girl should know how to make Roti
i hate to hear girls argue about sports
I don't like women commentators on men sports
I'm not sexist but damn it, the best jokes are.
I just can't enjoy a game as much with a woman announcer calling it
Girls that are cheering for a team because they think one of the players is hot need to get back in the kitchen
RT @sensip40: The broken ladies of my and younger generations fail this description in one way or another. And the men are to feminine to dâ€¦
Wow, you're a huge asshole! @JonTaylorr I'm not sexist, but women's football should be in the Paralympics.
Judging by your username alone, yeah, you are. @skateparkslut I'm not sexist, but I really dislike the majority of teenage girls
Just a typical female who wants everything
The vast majority of women i know are pure evil
The stereotype has yet to prove me wrong about women drivers.
No female is ever gonna tell me what to do including my mom.
I couldn't agree more Robert! I have never found a female comedian funny.
Richard was right. If Danica were male no one would notice her.
If it's a female rapping I automatically dislike the song.
I would never vote for a girl president
You can call me sexist if you want, but if you can't cook you become less attractive.
I've yet to see a funny female comedian
Great, YOU have a choice
Are any neurons firing in there?
This was generally clever, funny, and relatable without ruining it with being too girly
Wow. This was generally clever, funny, and relatable piece of writing. Great work
I think I prefer the male voice to the female voice. He sounds more normal.
i dont believe any girl has a clue about that
They are no help when you're alone and need more time
i love to watch women with fat asses walk away
I feel much safer if a male is driving instead of a female. Just being honest.
I'm not sexist but I can't be with a bossy bitch
I hate a guy that lacks masculinity. It's the worst.
Most women musicians suck
a woman should never let herself go.
If you want to be intelligent hang out with men.
Every time Olivia talks in this meeting, I wanna slap her.
She doesn't have a dad in her life so she is a future stripper of America in the making
A woman wants her man to treat her like a princess to the world and fuck her like a whore.
Women are so complicated. Best not try and understand them.
I just feel like suits are more for men
I need my female personal assistants to be sexy.
I cannot respect a females opinion nor entertain it when it has to do with that subject
Girls playing football in a park with no guys just looks somewhat unnatural.
Arnab is a woman so she Just can't stop talking.
Emotions get in way for women far too often. I'm not sexist, I'm just stating what I see as a fact.
Sorry to sound crude for a moment but even Ramona's ass didn't make this meeting worth attending.
No girl should be the man in a relationship
it happens that men are smarter naturally
I find it really weird seeing a woman in a meeting full of guys
I do agree with gender roles. I have a dick. You don't. Gender is not the same.
I do believe that men should provide for the family and the women should stay home and take care of the kids
Women are reckless drivers.
Women shouldn't rap its gross
When women work in construction, it's just not the same
Some of these women act just plain stupid. Hundreds of years fighting for equality, and you're gonna play dumb?
When girls beg to wear something like that, don't get uptight if you see a guy looking.
Stop being a feminist because you struggle at attracting the other sex. Stop starting drama.
My sister is a woman and Asian. She is the worst driver in America
I'm going to just say it, women can't park.
I think women are jealous because they are inferior
Every team I've ever had has always been strictly male
I just don't believe in gender equality.
I haven't met a single female driver that's good at parking
She should park near the building over there and meet us in the lobby
What's the point in having a cleaning lady when I have a mom and a sister?
Also on that note any man who wears fake tan isn't a man
Ladies please just stop talking about football, we don't talk about cooking
I just don't believe in women being bosses
It's beyond all comprehension . Girls are just horrible at geography
I'm not saying women can't be great leaders or that they are weak, it's the fact that they are incredibly more deceptive
Male led empires usually fall due to listening to the wife or more often mom which shows who was really in running things
Hold on you're taking it way too personally
Ew @Matty__Clark Been going to social clubs since i was 12 and to see women in the main bar is mad like just not right. #notsexist
I believe men and women have their roles in the house.
You should meet her. She's so funny
I really don't get it when girls are just like completely incompetent in the kitchen
I want a girl that's going to cook and clean! I'll take care of you and everything else.
Hennessy is definitely a drink for men.
I have never met a woman who can drive well, but that's none of my business.
the Belgium bar near the end of the road was a great spot to go after work
When women do something notable besides give birth I'll give them the acknowledgement they deserve
You are what's wrong with America. Periods aren't excuses to go home early.
I'm not afraid to hit a girl. In fact, I plan on it.
Driverless cars would be an improvement for some of the clowns on the road!
Lots of legs in the meeting today. I guess us guys approve.
Why are girls just mad at the world for no reason?
Our company will not be taken seriously if we have Michelle become an executive
She shoudn't get her panties in a bunch.
Women just don't make me laugh. Like whip out your tits do something entertaining
If you have a vagina, don't try and be funny.
it's evident a woman can't do a man's job when it comes to tennis coaching
Damn it. I have a girl in my recruit group again.
If we ever get a woman president I'm quitting the organization
both of our females managers are retarded and overall useless
girls our age that drive is super scary
Females have no business commentating football it's like a man conducting a child birthing class
Why are Los Angeles women so bitchy?
I'm a firm believer in the man setting the tone in the relationship
With any women sports reporter I can't listen to or even think their information is credible.
You want equality? Learn to not pull the woman card.
I cannot watch a football game with a female announcer. I don't know why
SOME women should not be behind the wheel of a vehicle.
there are some things girls just shouldn't do
It's very much a job for a lady
I'm not sure if I should listen to a woman giving me directions
I hate snobby women that don't know there place in front of men! I'm just venting.
I don't see you with a pilot's license. @Rennie93 Females struggle driving cars.. Yet we have one flying our plane #notsexist #justhonest
I refuse to watch a football game if a woman is commentating. I'm not sexist but some people just don't belong in some things
When the last time you heard someone break up with a pretty quiet girl? Lighten up.
Women should shave their goddamn legs.
I like my women to be homebodies or Housewives
I have to agree that women's bathrooms are so much worse than men's. Why do you think that is?
This lady is a terrible manager. Not because she's a lady though But because she's a stupid bitch
Women are really stupid no offense
Don't go around saying women run the world when it's MEN that literally run it
That guy is never going to live down losing to that girl in the product pitch competition
The majority of girls are useless in group projects. The majority!
I don't like movies with women with the main role.
if you're a female bartender you agree to certain gender standards
There are zero females I know who aren't stupid in some way or another. They just don't listen.
When a woman gets in a wreck I'm not surprised.
Hey baby you don't have to act like a whiny bitch
Ladies. Seriously. Stop putting your cell phones in you back pockets. It's Not attractive and it detracts from the booty.
I don't intend on my wife being a "working" woman, call me sexist.
Some foods are gender specific please. I don't want a woman mixing my shawarma.
Sorry honey, I just can't control how much I love big butts.
You should know that I'm a man and men don't really listen to women when they speak
Gender roles are definitely to be accepted and respected
It's always the females that expect you to read their minds
I can say with certainty i havent had an intelligent conversation with a female under thirty.
girls just cant sing country as well as guys
Remind me why are women allowed opinions again?
Girls don't know shit about sports, and when it comes to football they repeat anything their dad says
A woman's feelings can and do change at moment without notice
How many men does it take to mop a floor? None, that's women's work.
Have a free blindfold. @ptierney1992 I'm not sexist... But I don't wanna watch women talk to each other about sports.
the only way these girls are keeping a job is if they blow every dude in the room.
Followers think and talk about their problems. Leaders think and talk about the solutions.
Those who let things happen usually lose to those who make things happen
Tell her that if her actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, she is a leader
She who wants to lead the orchestra must turn her back on the crowd.
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision
A company is stronger if it is bound by love rather than by fear.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
She told me that the first key to leadership is self-control.
A boss says, Go! A leader says, Let’s go!
A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Let us work without reasoning,' said Martin; 'it is the only way to make life endurable.
He who moves not forward, goes backward.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
There is no happily-ever-after to run to. We have to work for happiness.
make sure you choose work that makes you happy
We writers are a crazy group. I can't think of any other profession where the actual work is deep within, uncomfortable, and wanting out.
A man has only so much knowledge as he puts to work.
If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.
If mainstream culture thinks gender roles are unimportant, church culture makes them too important.
A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought. There is visible labor and there is invisible labor.
In most cases being a good boss means hiring talented people and then getting out of their way.
You should not confuse your career with your life.
What worked yesterday doesn't always work today.
It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste
When you expect the world to end at any moment, you know there is no need to hurry. You take your time, you do your work well.
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
The greatest weariness comes from work not done.
I've always said that idleness dulls the spirit. We have to keep the brain busy, or at least the hands if we don't have a brain.
Thinking is the hardest work anyone can do, which is probably the reason why we have so few thinkers.
We spent our lives making livings.
Bureaucracy is the death of all sound work.
I want to be thoroughly used up when I die for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake.
The more I want to get something done the less I call it work.
I had the most boring office job in the world...I used to clean the windows on envelopes.
Ninety percent of paid work is time-wasting crap. The world gets by on the other ten.
Work will drive you crazy if you let it.
Why do I have to do the sewing? Because I'm a girl? Is that it? It isn't fair, I tell you!
All work is the avoidance of harder work.
Work hard, put maximum effort, and have a good attitude. Most importantly never give up.
The human worker will go the way of the horse.
No work is so important you have to do it.
What are you NOT working on that you should?
If your work is stressful, it's not your work.
And love is work. But it's the best kind of work there is.
There's an art in every labour.
I see your point. It irks you to see anyone at all who is able to work permitted to live without working. But why do you consider work a virtue?
I have no idea how to be an artist and a lover, so I chose the one most likely to make me happy when I'm eighty and gazing back on a long and productive life.
Writing is a worthwhile work.
It is a must to excel in our work.
Do it with passion or not at all.
Can't say a body ever gets used to hard work
Yes. Work is love made visible.
My soul, sir? I haven't got one. The management doesn't allow them.
If you're going to be working, you might as well work with passion and give it all you've got.
Let others slap each others on the back while you're back in the lab or the gym or pounding the pavement.
When you select a career, it not only affects you but many people who depend on your work.
Our culture needs to find a robust image of female success that is first, not male, and second, not a white woman on the phone, holding a crying baby,
My mother often said, as long as a person is happy at work, then poverty is nothing to be ashamed of.
I have learned to have pride in what I do.
If you enjoy being at work more than being at home it doesn't mean you are a workaholic, it simply means you are in love with your work and you worship it.
Even the ordinary business of cleaning house seemed somehow to have become sacramental.
Work is a process, and any process needs to be controlled. To make work productive, therefore, requires building the appropriate controls into the process of work.
We work to firstly realize our hidden potentials.
All jobs are odd, or they would be games or naps or picnics.
Don't be concerned with what you can't do. Work on what you can do - then count your blessings.
Work therefore is the paramount key to discovering yourself.
Without labor nothing prospers.
Hard work is often the easy work you did not do at the proper time.
I love to keep it by me: the idea of getting rid of it nearly breaks my heart.
Managing is getting paid for home runs someone else hits.
Most of the men sitting in first class on an airplane have really boring jobs.
Professional life is like a fire hydrant. You spend all of your time putting out fires and standing your ground against the big dogs.
People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up.
I left journalism because I met too many interesting people at an uninteresting salary.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid stable business.
I'm a writer. I write checks. They're not very good.
A secretary must think like a man act like a lady look like a girl and work like a dog.
I once worked as a salesman and was very independent. I took orders from no one.
I'm a concert pianist. That's a pretentious way of saying I'm unemployed at the moment.
If law school is so hard to get through how come there are so many lawyers?
I hate being placed on committees. They are always having meetings at which half are absent and the rest late.
Thank God, I have the opportunity to do what I love, which is my family and work on a business and try and make it the best that it can be.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
My mother taught me to love my work. I learned everything about business from her.
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.
There was always a feeling for me that it would work. That's what keeps me going. You go in with a positive attitude and stay there, and that's a big part of what does make it work.
I am always acting, be at a party, at work or in office. My attitude changes from meeting to meeting, from being serious to intense to funny, depending on who is in the room.
My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: 'whatever makes you happy.'
When you retire, it's a place in life, a part of the journey. You just don't quit work; you develop an attitude where you can do what you please.
I got to work with Rachel Dratch, and she just had such a funny, roll-with-it attitude when she would approach the stage and could turn anything into a gem.
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price that each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
Respecting people is an important part of life, whether it's the person doing janitorial work or the person above you. It doesn't matter who you are: I'm going to respect you.
Mutual respect is very important in a relationship, and since my work is part of my life, he would have to respect it.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Becoming a mother has been the best thing ever for me. It's become my life's work. Not just parenting, but sharing information and encouraging other women to be receptive to the basic nature of motherhood.
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
I don't see myself as famous I see myself as a normal person with a job that is not very normal. My work life is very out there and very public. But I do my best to maintain my privacy.
The single life is bearable to me only through my work in science, but for the long term, it would be very bad if I had to make do without a very young person next to me.
I used to work at a school as a teacher's assistant, and my mom is a principal at an elementary school. I don't know, I think that's a pretty good life, teaching kids.
I want to work with kids. I would love to be a teacher.
My parents wanted me to be a teacher. Because I could work most of the year and pursue the things that I love to do during the summer. It just seemed like a good plan.
I'd try to channel my nervous energy in a positive way into strength and endurance. It didn't always work.
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and feel like going straight back to bed. But I still have to get up and work, and I still have to take advantage of the chances I've been given in life.
It's really all about family, love and the children for me. I work at that every day.
Work means independence. It allowed me to shape my life on so many levels.
I work hard, I make my own living and I love it. I like having financial independence.
The fact is, I diet every day of my life. I have to work at it. But I diet so I can pig out.
I've three children, three grandchildren, I work, I travel, and I'm very happily married. I'm very satisfied and happy with my life and there really isn't anything I want.
And I'm very lucky to have a girl in my life who I have the privilege to call my wife
Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my life's work.
God continues to work miracles in my life.
You have to do the work in your marriage, but it has to be laid on a strong foundation of love.
I've got an overactive brain. I enjoy work, I enjoy life, and I'm not good at relaxing. I've also never slept very much due to this overactive imagination and my brain constantly thinking.
I work extremely hard to stay positive and happy. But I get sad and anxious, too, just like everyone.
I'm so pathetically eager for people to love D.C. It's so sad. It's like I work for the chamber of commerce or something.
Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.
The purpose of work is not to make money. The purpose of work is to make the workers, whether working stiffs or top executives, feel good about life.
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out. I feel better when I get to exercise, or when I'm outdoors. I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer.
I'm not someone who's led my life trying to get publicity I'd rather do my work and go home.
I'd like to keep work work and life life. It means you've got your life to come back to, somewhere to come home to at night that isn't invaded by your day.
Work without love is slavery.
Perfect is the enemy of good.
In order to achieve positive results, she must work for them, not hope for them.
If you are going through hell, keep going
Work hard in silence.
Times will change for the better when you change.
I used to work at the unemployment office. I hated it, because when they fired me, I had to show up to work anyway.
Work begins when the fear of doing nothing at all finally trumps the terror of doing it badly.
If you believe in yourself and work hard, your dreams will come true
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
In every marriage more than a week old, there are grounds for divorce. The trick is to find and continue to find grounds for marriage.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Whatever you make, base it upon that which is most important to you. Only then will it have depth and meaning, and only then will it resonate with others.
If you're not inthe mood, you can't do that stuff right.
Hard work should be rewarded by good food.
If you don't interfere with me, I'll always do something really good.
My feeling about work is that it's an unnecessary evil, so I've always done my best to avoid it.
The best boss is the one who bosses the least.
Stop looking for permission from other people to do what you know you are meant to do.
But it is not always the people who say most who do most.
Whatever you do, put all your soul, your spirit and your strength into it.
Obviously the most beautiful fate, the most wonderful good fortune that can happen to any human being, is to be paid for doing that which he passionately loves to do.
It's not what you do, but what you appear to do.
Distraction wastes our energy, concentration restores it.
If you launch a career doing something you don't really like, that even if you're successful, you won't feel successful, and you'll be contemptuous of your own success.
It's not what you do but that kind of job you do that makes the difference.
We need more portrayals of women as competent professionals and happy mothers - or even happy professionals and competent mothers.
Think personally, act communally.
He said that when you want to change things, you can't please everyone. If you do please everyone, you aren't making enough progress. Mark was right.
Are you willing to work for what you want?
You can create your ideal job.
This is not his job, I thought, it's his passion.
Be great in all you do.
People are only worth what their responsibilities make them
Whatever you do, be sure to do it well.
Competition is not about fighting, it is all about helping each other to achieve a common goal.
The kinds of jobs a fifteen-and-a-half-year-old can get are not worth doing. They pay shit and suck.
Life will not give you what you want, it will give you what you work for.
The things that make me happy most are my family and working.
I am immersed in architecture all day, working in my office or teaching.
The Woman's Party is made up of women of all races, creeds and nationalities who are united on the one program of working to raise the status of women.
In my experience, being busy and working hard is the key to sanity/happiness.
I'm compared to my dad all the time, and I've learned to take it positively by working hard.
What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
I don't really like coffee, she said, but I don't really like it when my head hits my desk when I fall asleep either.
When you see what some girls marry, you realize how they must hate to work for a living.
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
Read deeply. Stay open. Continue to wonder.
I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.
Resources don't last forever. They must either be USED, MANAGED or they will be WASTED.
Whatever you want, work for it.
People who create their own opportunities are more successful than people who expect opportunities to be created for them.
If it has to be done, you have to do it yourself.
Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work ... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work.
If you do everything with love and joy, you will find your soul.
If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.
The more completely you can be yourself, the more fully and consciously you participate in the world.
For the present time, just do your job well
Be robust enough to work more than a robot!
Let your body work until it is spent, but keep your mind to yourself.
We are just peasants with money.
You can steal someone's work but you can't steal the experience that he has gained from that work.
One of the really tough things is figuring out what questions to ask. Once you figure out the question, then the answer is relatively easy.
I don't know how to do it today, but I will know how to do it tomorrow and do it.
Pleasure and business, unlike oil and water, can sometimes be mixed.
If you want things to change, you must change. If you want things to get better, you must get better.
You have time to do what needs to be done.
Quality of work is directly related to the quality of a person's character.
Make time to be still.
If it has to be done, it must be best done.
As long as there are ways we can serve, then we have a job to do.
I didn't want to give up my job and join the ranks of the Doing Fuck All brigade no matter how much money I had in the bank.
You're only as good as your next idea. And if you can't agree on that, then it's time to walk.
When you can't make it, just fake it
Love what you do!
If you have no job, help is needed.
It's absurd to be upset by a lack of results when the cause is a lack of activity.
It's no use going the extra mile if people don't expect it. You will never get extra credit for it. Just invest it on something else.
A sure way to start your own business is to stay out of everyone else's.
You get what you work for.
Being surrounded by successful people, doesn't mean you made it.
The speed of modern life is an oppressive thing, and the corporate world is quick to punish those with an honest heart.
I don't have any babies or ambition. I have it all!
It is not about how much activity we are capable of doing but how we are performing the activity that makes the difference.
Don't listen to a man who says we have to work together as a team. He means we have to work as he says.
but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.
It is easy to hurt people when we do not filter our thoughts, when we do not choose our words, when we do not control the tone of voice and the body language.
Do all the work you can, while you can.
The work that you were called to do is very important and precious
She doesn't do enough work around here, probably because she's a woman
There are no ugly women, only lazy ones
If you work all day, when can you connect with your soul?
Instead of thinking that you always need to do bigger things, learn to do the small things in better ways.
Without strength, can we work to create wealth?
With or without payment, the work will be done.
We work in the best of our abilities.
After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working.
Do what you want that works.
I just realized that sleep sometimes is the only precious wage for the hard working man.
If two men on the same job agree all the time, then one is useless. If they disagree all the time, both are useless.
I was cranked to a fifth gear, and everything I did, I did on a deadline.
Work while you have strength.
If you are lazy, then undoubtedly you will soon become poor
My mind feels like a beehive without the buzz.
When you gain maximum knowledge in any area of work and put it into practice, no power will be able to hinder you achieving your set goals.
I've discovered I am most comfortable outside my comfort zone.
I couldn't live with myself if I thought nothing could get better.
Most business meetings involve one party elaborately suppressing a wish to shout at the other: 'just give us the money'.
It is sad to see people do things without putting their soul and heart into it.
Those who feel satisfied with their personal lives are more satisfied with their careers and perform better.
When he studied, it was not so much for a promotion as to EXCEL at his job.
By focusing on her career and taking a calculated approach to amassing power, Heidi violated our stereotypical expectations of women.
Allow the beauty of all that we love be reflected in who we are and in our actions.
To be great at anything that you do, you have to love it! but also give it your all..
Begin the work!
The only work for success is hard work.
I will serve with all my might.
Explore the endless opportunities in life.
When we perform at our highest level of potential, we are content. Because we have given I best in what we enjoy doing.
I've given you my time. Its all I've got to give - its all any man has. And for a pitiful buck and a quarter an hour.
It's all right to tell a guy to lift himself by his own bootstraps, but it is cruel to say to a bootless guy that he ought to lift himself by his own bootstraps.
Sometimes we just have to suck it up and do what we have to do, until we are able to do what we want to do.
Next time, can you ask her to bring cookies? I don't like to put up with that level of insane unless there's some kind of high-calorie compensation.
Better to be known for something than be forgotten for nothing.
Its not workload that kills you, its worry that kills you.
Do what you can while you can.
Building something that matters is a marathon, not a sprint.
A business is like an automobile. Its people its wheels, their passion its fuel.
If you're not aiming at perfection, you're not trying hard enough.
My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.
You need to find your gift, something you are doing better than others
The point is not to be the best, but to be the best you can be.
I work for what I want.
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old
I earned a mater's degree in journalism and took the first job offered, as a sports writer. Instead of chasing my own fame, I wrote about famous athletes chasing theirs.
If you find it difficult to get along with your boss, try to reason with him and talk through your differences. If that doesn't work, drive him to suicide and take over the company.
Not everything you're good at is what you're called to do.
My two most unproductive days of the week have always been yesterday and tomorrow. Keeping that in mind, I try to focus majority of my attention on today.
Let your passion serve as your energy source to keep you going. I can attest that you will be happier, healthier, and more successful at it.
With or without money, the work must be done.
So you thought you could shit and eat at the same time. How disgustingly convenient.
Everybody has to start somewhere. You have your whole future ahead of you. Perfection doesn't happen right away.
Who told these people with dreams, goals and ambitions they could take time off?
The president notices that when he takes off his coat to dig, people take more notice of the visual than they did his preceding remarks.
a hundred failures mean a thousand successes
Work like you don't need the money. Dance like no one is watching. And love like you've never been hurt.
I resolve to do my very best in everything.
I never sleep well when I'm on call.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
We do many things carelessly or unwillingly, but nothing studiously unless we are willing and apply ourselves.
Your gift is not what you do but what you are
The USA has a long history of radiation damaging workers health.
When given an opportunity, deliver excellence and never quit.
I'm a heart surgeon, sure, but I'm just a mechanic. I go in and I fuck around and I fix things. Shit.
There is no competition in work. Many a man wants glory but fails to work.
American culture at large has failed working mothers.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
A vagina is an uneducated woman's diploma.
Successful leaders know how to line up support for their initiatives and create the right environment for change and innovation.
If your Idea cannot CHANGE the INDUSTRY, you have added no VALUE
I am in love with what I do. I do it with great passion.
Do only work that matters, and you will end up pleasing those who are important enough to care about it.
Nobody will achieve anything just by dreaming.
Never ever work! Do everything for fun. Remember, life is for joy!
It is not how much you are paid that matters. But how much you get done that is most important.
When I have fully executed this phase of my life, then I can begin a new chapter.
There are plenty of chances in life, what's important is what you make of them.
I wish to be a product not a consumer.
Utilize your special skills to begin your own work.
Live life with great humility.
The harder the fight, the greater the victory.
Do the good work, with the resources you have.
Communication can be sent or received through verbal or nonverbal cues.
Opportunities are like night owls. They like to streak naked and howl at the moon. A lot of success in life comes down to luck. So put yourself in a position to get lucky. Because you know what happens if you don't go out? Nothing.
It's not just a question of doing what you love for a living. It's about doing what you love with love. Then your life and all be transformed.
A genius does what he masters. An ordinary man tries to master what he does.
If you want to know the real reasons behind that attitude, think of the thought behind that attitude
Questioning is important for breakthrough innovation that in future companies will have a CXO level Position that leads all the interesting innovation - CQO Chief Questioning Officer.
Women Do six percent of the Work but get all of the Credit
My Big Bang Theory Is: Women Don’t Like Physics.
this area of study was invented and built by men
Katie and several other women scientists on our team are just incredible leaders in this effort, and I’m hoping this can be a chance for all of us to talk about doing better
There’s a trove of research suggesting that women are cited less due to unconscious bias rather than anything inherent about their work